README.md, before:

# Project Society

## Problem statement

Hackathon: TikTok Hackathon Challenge 2023
Group: Team Hola
Chosen statement: 3. E-Commerce

## Inspiration

We aim to reignite the communal living (kampung spirit) back into Singaporeans that was lost during the COVID-19 pandemic. We have seen past implementation of TikTok integration on telegram, where people cited that they want to be able to interact and talk about trending videos. We saw this existing gap, and ideated a solution that (1) allows users to chat with each other and (2) common activity of purchasing items at a discount through the popular concept of group buy.

## Tech Stack

1. Next.js
2. Tailwind
3. Suprabase
4. Socket.io
5. Figma

## Usage

The app has already been deployed and can be accessed [here](https://tiktok-hack.vercel.app) via your own browser. Alternatively, if you want to build and run the app locally, you can follow our instructions below.

### Run locally

#### Pre-requisite

Write to us on telegram to get our env variable for testing. You will also need the packages below.

1. node.js
2. npm

#### Installation

1. Clone the repo at https://github.com/rivenbryan/tiktok-hack
2. npm install
3. npm run build
4. npm run start

## Features

- **Group Buy**: Users can initiate or join group purchases of products featured on TikTok. By joining forces, they can access bulk discounts and save on individual shipping costs.
- **Chat Feature**: To enhance the group buy experience, Society provides an integrated chat feature. Users can discuss their purchases, coordinate logistics, and build connections with fellow participants.
- **In-Chat translation**: Tired of copy and pasting chats into google translate? Say goodbye to all these hassle with our in-house translation feature. We allow users to translate text messages in the group chat seamlessly, making the entire experience a more integrated one.
- **Promoting TikTok as a Shopping Platform**: Society transforms TikTok into a comprehensive platform for not only entertainment but also shopping. It connects users with unique products and deals, expanding TikTok's role in users' daily lives.
- **Support TikTok sellers**: By increasing the volume of users through building a community within TikTok and introducing group buy, there is likely to be a greater demand for on platform shop items, thereby increasing sales revenue for influencers or side hustlers who want to start an online shop.
- **Fostering Communal Bonds**: In an increasingly digital world, Society aims to recreate the sense of community and camaraderie that can be found in traditional group buying settings. It strengthens relationships among users while shopping together online.

## Possible Expansion

- **International Expansion**: Scaling Society to different regions and countries to cater to a global user base. This involves adapting the feature to accommodate various languages, currencies, and regional preferences.
- **Enhanced User Experience**: Continuously improving the user interface and adding new features to enhance the group buy and chat experiences. This includes allowing users to chat with other users even before joining groups. Why use telegram as a platform when you can use an all-in-one app.
- **Monetization Strategies**: Exploring monetization options such as premium features, sponsored group buys, and targeted advertising to ensure the sustainability of Society.
- **Community Building**: Building on the sense of community within Society, we plan to introduce features like such as chatbot integration to make chats easier and auto generation of messages for team leaders to be simpler.

Commit message:

feat: inclusion of seller page

README.md, after:

# Project Society

## Problem statement

Hackathon: TikTok Hackathon Challenge 2023
Group: Team Hola
Chosen statement: 3. E-Commerce

## Quick start

1. [Seller page access](https://tiktok-hack.vercel.app/admin)
2. [Consumer page access](https://tiktok-hack.vercel.app)

## Inspiration

We aim to reignite the communal living (kampung spirit) back into Singaporeans that was lost during the COVID-19 pandemic. We have seen past implementation of TikTok integration on telegram, where people cited that they want to be able to interact and talk about trending videos. We saw this existing gap, and ideated a solution that (1) allows users to chat with each other and (2) common activity of purchasing items at a discount through the popular concept of group buy.

## Tech Stack

1. Next.js
2. Tailwind
3. Suprabase
4. Socket.io
5. Figma

## Usage

The app has already been deployed and you can access the page as a customer [here](https://tiktok-hack.vercel.app) via your own browser. If you would like to access the page as a seller you can also do so [here](https://tiktok-hack.vercel.app/admin). Do note that the submit buttons are not yet implemented and thus would seem like it is not functional. The group chat features are working and you can try out chatting or translating the chat.

Alternatively, if you want to build and run the app locally, you can follow our instructions below.

### Run locally

#### Pre-requisite

Write to us on telegram to get our env variable for testing. You will also need the packages below.

1. node.js
2. npm

#### Installation

1. Clone the repo at https://github.com/rivenbryan/tiktok-hack
2. npm install
3. npm run build
4. npm run start

## Features

- **Group Buy**: Users can initiate or join group purchases of products featured on TikTok. By joining forces, they can access bulk discounts and save on individual shipping costs.
- **Chat Feature**: To enhance the group buy experience, Society provides an integrated chat feature. Users can discuss their purchases, coordinate logistics, and build connections with fellow participants.
- **In-Chat translation**: Tired of copy and pasting chats into google translate? Say goodbye to all these hassle with our in-house translation feature. We allow users to translate text messages in the group chat seamlessly, making the entire experience a more integrated one.
- **Promoting TikTok as a Shopping Platform**: Society transforms TikTok into a comprehensive platform for not only entertainment but also shopping. It connects users with unique products and deals, expanding TikTok's role in users' daily lives.
- **Support TikTok sellers**: By increasing the volume of users through building a community within TikTok and introducing group buy, there is likely to be a greater demand for on platform shop items, thereby increasing sales revenue for influencers or side hustlers who want to start an online shop.
- **Fostering Communal Bonds**: In an increasingly digital world, Society aims to recreate the sense of community and camaraderie that can be found in traditional group buying settings. It strengthens relationships among users while shopping together online.

## Possible Expansion

- **International Expansion**: Scaling Society to different regions and countries to cater to a global user base. This involves adapting the feature to accommodate various languages, currencies, and regional preferences.
- **Enhanced User Experience**: Continuously improving the user interface and adding new features to enhance the group buy and chat experiences. This includes allowing users to chat with other users even before joining groups. Why use telegram as a platform when you can use an all-in-one app.
- **Monetization Strategies**: Exploring monetization options such as premium features, sponsored group buys, and targeted advertising to ensure the sustainability of Society.
- **Community Building**: Building on the sense of community within Society, we plan to introduce features like such as chatbot integration to make chats easier and auto generation of messages for team leaders to be simpler.
